♫ Close your eyes. I am so, so, so captivated by you like this ♫
♫ You fell into my colorful dream from last night ♫
♫ I want to work hard to gain your attention ♫
♫ Laying in your embrace ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ Just want to wait until the rain falls first,
slowly making your hair wet ♫
♫ I seem to have used some kind of magic ♫
♫ Even a frozen river can melt ♫
♫ Is it like Zhuang Zhou's dream of becoming a butterfly? ♫
♫ You are a blessing and a blight ♫
♫ Then just accept it, accompanying you
in a peaceful and clear night ♫
♫ Listening to the temple's monk ringing the bell ♫
♫ Laying at the Mount Nan loft relaxing ♫
♫ For you I hid my tears ♫
♫ Abandoned worldly affairs. I will find you no matter
the time and place ♫
♫ It's you for the rest of my life. I want to be closer to you ♫
♫ Meeting you in the mortal world ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Meeting you, meeting you, meeting you ♫
♫ Listening to the sounds of rain outside the window ♫
♫ I can speak first ♫
♫ I want to accompany you to go catch the wind ♫
♫ Daydreaming together, a dream we cannot wake up from ♫
♫ A dream we cannot wake up from ♫
[Love Is All]
[Jiang Muchun looks to win favor; Tan Lingyin questions Tang Tianyuan]
[Episode 16]
[To Dear Tianyuan]
[Letter to my son, Tianyuan]
Actually, I originally did not want to come and disturb you.
It's just that my father found out from the emperor
that you are here to investigate a case.
He insisted on my coming here to meet you.
I was driven out of my home that very night.
I have nowhere to go now.
The Assistant Minister really found a good excuse,
but he might have to be disappointed.
You and I are not destined to fall in love at first sight.
I fear that there is also no opportunity to allow familiarity to breed fondness.
Sir, everyone in Tongling knows
that your fiancée has arrived in the county office.
Even approximating, it hasn't even been four hours,
and you already want to send me away.
How will others see me?
You are unmarried,
yet you are living in my residence.
How will others see me?
Is it about Adviser Tan?
From Adviser Tan's appearance, it doesn't seem like she can't be reasoned with.
Before, I didn't know the situation.
But now, I know.
Since you are willing to deal with me frankly,
you don't need to be reserved because of me.
Just act as if I do not exist.
My only wish is to find a temporary place to stay
to avoid receiving punishment from my father at home.
Fine.
Then you can temporarily live here.
Thank you, Sir.
Sir, if someone spreads a rumor to the capital,
I will also be in a difficult position.
Sorry to trouble you, Sir.
[Esteemed Virtue]
Who are you?!
Head Constable Zheng, you're awake.
I-I-I... I will go and pour you some water.
How are you?
What's the big deal? Didn't I just faint?
Did you really need to summon the physician?
This won't do. A nosebleed shouldn't cause you to faint!
You must let the physician examine you.
S-Sit down first.
Sit down quickly.
Wh-Why are you looking at me like that for?
You're acting naughty like a young girl.
Head Constable Zheng, have you been drinking alcohol frequently as of late?
Physician, you're already old,
can't you understand my suffering?
This is the age when love is confusing.
Only Du Kang can relieve me of thousands of worries.
(T/N: According to legend, Du Kang invented wine)
Then, Head Constable,
have you been regularly having nosebleeds recently?
Are your legs and feet occasionally weak,
and you also feel dizzy?
When it's serious, you can't even see clearly the objects in front of your eyes.
You really are a miracle-working physician. Miracle-working!
Physician, how is he?
What could it be? Isn't it that I'm in the prime of my youth
so my liver is inflamed? Right, physician?
- Your body is sturdy.
- That's right.
But within, there are many poisons that are clashing against one another.
Furthermore, with the needle prick on your wrist,
you aren't treating an illness,
instead, it appears that you are testing poison for someone.
Physician, you... should leave me your details.
On another day, I will bring my beloved to be treated by you.
Head Constable, you must not joke around.
For the time being, take care of yourself.
If you continue to act recklessly, the least severe situation will be that you will lose your eyesight.
If it is more serious, you may lose your life.
Is it really that serious? You physicians
all love to scare people.
Physician, are there any methods that can be used to treat him?
I will first prescribe some medications to help him recuperate.
If he continues to act recklessly, no medicine can save him.
♫ There's no you, there's no pain. Can't hear
the uneasiness in my heart♫
♫ But I don't feel regret either♫
Just say what you want to say. There are no outsiders here.
Are you acting this way because of my cousin?
♫ And forcing me to cry out loud ♫
You must not tell your cousin about this.
Everything about her is good,
except that she likes to reject people.
I don't really want to pressure her.
You better take care of yourself first.
A person's life and death are ruled by fate.
For a long time, she has already stopped caring about these things.
Out of the question!
♫ I lowered my expectations of happiness ♫
Fine.
I'm still a bit dizzy. I'm going to rest for a bit.
If there's nothing else, you should go back first.
I'm fine. You can head out.
Go on.
Brother Zhou is so caring of others.
♫ Always end up with confused and wrong answers ♫
♫ The verdict never comes ♫
The adviser is still mulling things over.
How could Tang Tianyuan come to a small place like this?
Afterward, Miss Jiang said
Tang Feilong is Tang Tianyuan's pseudonym.
Is what you just said really true?
Of course, it's true.
Quicker than words could say, I rushed forward
and caught Adviser.
At the time, Adviser was trembling
and then weeping.
She was incredibly heartbroken.
Heavens! Our county magistrate is actually an imperial envoy!
Such an important government official concealed his identity and came here.
That's right. Do you think that the emperor will have heard of me, Zhao Xiaoliu?
Wait a minute. Since he came with his identity concealed,
why would he let Miss Jiang disclose his identity and not continue to hide?
Could it be that he has already solved the gold case and simply hasn't told us?
What are you worrying about this for? Let me tell you!  We must work properly right now.
If Sir Tang is in a good mood, he'll bring us all to the capital.
It's too late. It's too late. With people like us,
he figured us out long ago.
After Miss Jiang takes Sir Tang back to be married, who will still remember us?
At that time, our careers as officials will have no prospects
and we will not be able to get married or have a family.
This won't do! Think about it. Sir
and our adviser are a couple made by Heaven and arranged by Earth. Right?
That's right. We must work as one with the adviser.
Isn't that right?
- Miss Jiang.
Miss Jiang, what are you looking for?
It's nothing. I'm just having a look around.
- I'll take you around to have a look.
- All right.
Here, this is where Sir—
Miss Jiang, you are a golden branch with jade leaves. Right?
(T/N: A noble and beautiful lady)
You're definitely not accustomed to the lifestyle of old men like us.
Wouldn't it be better if you go back a bit sooner?
This way, our Adviser Tan will also not be delayed in her work.
Wha... What are you doing? I'm married!
How could you wear a damaged uniform?
I...I... Y-Y-You...
Don't even think about using this to c-c-complain to Sir Tang!
Then asking him to p-p-punish me for negatively affecting the appearance of our county.
We're just three rough men! Even our underwear has holes.
If you want to punish... punish all of us!
Take it off. I'll fix it for you.
- You go.
- Yes, Miss.
What? This...
Brothers, you usually work hard investigating for Sir Tang.
I don't have many skills but I'll be staying here for a while.
I can conveniently do these small tasks and help everyone
in order to express my gratitude.
Leave this to me!
Miss Jiang, my underwear!
What underwear!
She said she could mend them.
Fix it yourself!
- You fix it for me! Let's go!
- You want me to fix it?
Why should I fix it?
Cong Shun, you've been coughing recently.
Drink some honeysuckle tea to soothe your throat.
Thank you, Miss Jiang.
Brothers,
is the food and drink good enough?
The pastry made by Miss Jiang is not only tasty
but most importantly,
doesn't come with stomachache!
Please eat more.
Okay!
Xiao Die, take care of everyone. Brothers, help yourselves.
Okay.
Adviser, come here. Come here and try some!
Over here.
Adviser, these here were all handmade by Miss Jiang.
Look! Mung bean cake... Osmanthus wine! This is chestnut cake.
Here, try one.
Eating so many sweets all in one go... be careful it doesn't stick in your throat!
You're here, Adviser Tan. Try some of the food I made.
It's delicious.
I mean, it's okay.
Lingyin.
Sir. Sir—
Why are you Tang Tianyuan?
My parents chose my name.
Why didn't I know?
Because I didn't tell you.
Then, why didn't you tell me?
I was wrong.
Tan Lingyin, I concealed my identity for a reason.
I didn't lie to you on purpose.
Then hurry up and tell me why you did that!
I had a pseudonym... because—
Tang Feilong! No, Tang Tianyuan.
You knew I really idolized Tang Tianyuan and you clearly had plenty of time to tell me,
but you refused to tell me anything.
Did you just want to embarrass me?
When I made up stories about Tang Tianyuan in front of you, you must have been pleased.
I wasn't!
I felt the opposite. Every time you mentioned Tang Tianyuan,
I was always jealous.
Even though that person is me.
Don't tell me these things, I won't believe you.
The emperor sent me to Tongling to investigate the gold case.
I worked under an alias so that those criminals could let down their guard.
I lied to everyone, not just you.
That... That was because we didn't know each other well in the beginning.
Why didn't you tell me later?
You can constantly find yourself in danger because you work as my adviser.
If I told you my true identity, wouldn't you be in even more danger?
I bet you just think I'm stupid. You're afraid that I'll reveal your secret.
You care more about gold than me.
There were a few times I wanted to tell you,
but I was afraid.
I was afraid... afraid you wouldn't understand me,
wouldn't trust me, and therefore leave me.
What about Miss Jiang?
Those are my parents' wishes. They didn't ask for my permission.
Then, why is she still here?
If I told her to leave now, what will others think?
[Hall of Justice and Integrity]
Court adjourned!
It must be here. Excuse me,
[Medicinal Hall]
is this where I queue to see the miracle healer from the capital?
Yes, can't you see all these people in the queue?
Excuse me for being rude but what skills does this miracle healer have?
You've asked the right person. Let me tell you.
I heard this doctor specializes in using poison to combat poison.
It's more fitting to call him a poison doctor.
This awesome? I've found a cure now!
You are not sick.
I am not the one who is sick.
I am helping a friend get medicine.
She... has frequent palpations, gets dizzy,
and every once in a while she suffers unbearable pain all over.
Also, she frequently has insomnia and nightmares.
If I can't see her in person, it'll be difficult to treat her.
You can use me to experiment.
Prescribe the treatment and try it on me. If it's good then I can use it on her.
I can't afford to do that. Please leave.
It's all written here. If I die, you can't be held responsible.
All right then.
I specialize in using poison to combat poison.
Get this scorpion to bite you.
Based on the symptoms you have described,
your body is probably filled with fiery poison.
Once you get bitten, you are guaranteed to feel refreshed and remedied.
N-No.
This... is it believable?
You don't believe me? Next!
No-No! I believe you!
I will do it right now. Try it.
Stop!
Please spare me, Miss. I didn't do anything.
You fraud! How dare you sit here and kill people with poison.
Miss Ruyi, he's not a fraud. He's a miracle healer.
Look out the door. There are lots of people queuing to see him.
That is all fake. How can a scorpion cure a disease? Is your brain broken?
How dare you!
- You dared to trick me?
- Please spare me, Sir!
I-I-I just wanted to earn a l-little money.
Stop your nonsense! You will come with me to the county office right now!
Head Constable Zheng!
Miss Ruyi, do you have something else you want to tell me?
If you have spare time, you can come and find me in Miaosheng Restaurant.
That's great!
Then I will leave first.
Let's go!
- Sir! Is that the girl you were talking about?
- Hurry!
Miss Jiang look at the clothes you patched up for me.
It's amazing!
I can't even tell it was patched.
That's right.
- Are there any other holes?
- No!
Then that's great. You're welcome.
From now on, you can give me all your clothes to patch.
Okay. Thank you, Miss Jiang.
Our Lady is really talented!
Is that right?
Your Lady is incredible.
Of course.
Miss Jiang.
Let's go.
Your Lady is not only pretty but her embroidery is also impressive.
- Is it pretty?
- Pretty!
Miss Jiang, your embroidery is so beautiful.
Later, can you embroider a flower on my clothes?
- Okay.
- Can you also add two more birds and cranes!
Adviser Tan, your room sure is messy.
In the whole county office, only your room is the same as Dawang's.
A horrid mess!
Look at this.
How long has this apple core been here? I bet it's rotten.
What a waste for the planter Sir gave you.
Xiang Gua, just stop.
Adviser, shall we clean up for you later?
No need. I can clean myself.
Okay. Then we won't bother you anymore.
Xue Li, what can Adviser be doing?
Miss Jiang is the one outside patching everyone's clothes.
Adviser is writing. Let me see what you are writing.
"Ling'er jumped off from the stage and fell into Tang Feilong's arms."
"She says sweetly, 'I want you to hold me for a bit'."
Xue Li, tell me what kind of writing is this?
This is my afternoon break, I can do whatever I want.
If you want to laugh at me, then leave!
The saying goes "humans live for a breath, Buddha lives for incense."
(T/N: one must prove themselves)
Tang Tianyuan is the dream lover for thousands of girls.
Why would he like you?
Just stop. Let's go.
Adviser, she just says whatever she wants. Don't mind her.
You are all bullying me!
Get down.
I don't want to. Just for a little while.
I can't contain the excitement in my heart.
My feet feel light. I feel like I'm floating to Heaven!
You have to hold onto me tightly!
Your lover has come back?
Your lover is also back.
Where are you going?
Don't talk to me.
Your lover is angry.
She knows that I am Tang Tianyuan.
I'm so sorry! So sorry!
Then why don't you explain it to her?
I already did. It didn't work.
She doesn't want me to bother her today.
What about the matter I asked you to investigate? Any progress?
I already investigated it. It is true that a lot of impure gold has appeared in the market.
It's all from the same pawn shop.
But the people at the pawnshop probably aren't who you are looking for.
Let's go take a look.
You gained weight.
I gained weight?
Please come again!
Shopkeeper Wen, I'm back again.
Sir Tang. Head Constable Zheng.
Recently, has there been someone coming frequently to exchange impure gold?
Yes. But I've already explained to Constable Zheng.
That person wraps himself up well. I can't tell what they look like.
It's fine. Their figure won't change.
Take a look at these two, who does it look like?
I remember that person is skinnier
and looks young. So it isn't this middle-aged person. It should be him.
I heard from the servants from the Sun family say that the day they were robbed,
someone unveiled the robber's mask during the fight.
They said it was a middle-aged man. He looked like Sang Jie's housekeeper, Old Tie.
Old Tie?
So Old Jin is Old Tie.
Sun family's housekeeper?
Correct. After Sang Jie died, they disappeared without a trace. We don't know if they're alive or not.
It looks like they're alive and well. They're likely to be rich, too.
So if the person exchanging the gold is Old Tie,
then the bandit who robbed the Sun family is also Old Tie.
Are these two groups the same and are partners in crime?
So after helping Sang Jie mine gold,
they went to Phoenix Mountain to become outlaws?
That's correct.
[Miaosheng Restaurant]
Wife, why aren't you eating? Do you not like them?
I asked the chef to make this especially for you.
Is the food in the county office not good?
How about I personally deliver food to you tomorrow?
That's not it. My heart feels empty.
- Can you get me a bowl of soup?
- Sure.
Wife, did someone upset you?
Is it Tang Feilong?
I knew it. Since you are not saying anything, it must be him!
I'm going to go settle the score with him right now!
Leave it. Are you going to bang the drum to voice your grievance?
I just want to eat in peace right now.
Wife,
if Tang Feilong bothers you again in the future,
I will make sure he knows the consequences of bothering you.
Since my wife wants to eat, I'll stay here and eat until you're satisfied.
Zhu Dacong, you're quite loyal.
Why don't you... give up on marrying me?
What do you think about us becoming sworn sisters?
I wholeheartedly want to marry you,
yet you see me as a good sister. You can't do that!
I can't be sad at home. Qingchen will be worried.
I can't be emotional at the county office either. The gold case is more important right now.
If we turn the office upside down because of relationship problems,
it will definitely interfere with Sir Tang's work.
I understand.
Once a person falls in love with someone,
who wouldn't be affected by a third party?
But have you put yourself in their shoes?
Miss Jiang and I are the same.
We're both what you would call someone with feelings
who is pitiful because they've been abandoned.
But you can't control feelings.
If it can be controlled, who would choose to be pitiful?
It is great that you both found true love.
But should it be so offensive for us to like you two?
Why are we the ones who are laughed at? Looked down at?
I'm the son of a prefectural magistrate. Miss Jiang comes from a military family.
We are chasing after you two without face or dignity.
Isn't it just to ask you lovers to
occasionally think of us and give us a little sympathy
and a little hope?
Dacong, I was very clear with you from the beginning.
I understand.
I didn't say this to get a response from you,
but because I hope you can understand Miss Jiang's feelings.
Did you know that each time you rejected me,
I felt upset.
I know. You think that I'm attention seeking and acting.
But I also understand that however much I felt upset then
is however upset Miss Jiang will be when she's rejected.
Besides, she's also a woman.
I'm not going to say more. I can only blame myself for liking you.
It's my fault. I'll punish myself.
I just wanted to have a simple meal with you today.
Never mind. I'm going to take a walk outside.
I'll go with you as it's late.
There's no need.
Come in.
[Esteemed virtue]
Why are you here?
Sir, I used the silk I brought to make everyone some new pillowcases.
I've given them to everyone.
I thought you wouldn't like the colorful flowery patterns
so I picked plain ones for you.
Please don't blame me for making the decision.
By the way, Xiang Gua said there's a pharmacy near here.
Tomorrow, I'll buy some dates that can nourish the liver and clear the mind
to put into the pillow.
I see how hard you work during the day.
It's important that you sleep well so you have energy the next day.
You can just leave these things for the two servants in the yard to do.
It's nothing.
The servants are astute but there's too much stuff to do here.
They don't have time to do these detailed tasks.
I don't have other stuff to do anyway.
- I'll change them for you.
- No need.
Just leave it there.
Okay.
Sir, I have something to ask you.
Go ahead and ask.
Why am I not adequate?
Then I would like to ask Miss Jiang,
Is "adequate" good enough when we're talking about marriage?
But women are supposed to obey their fathers at home,
then obey their husbands once they're married.
Moreover, the marriage offer has already been sent from the Tang family to the Jiang family.
Since then, I can only treat you as my world
and ignore everything else.
Is this your father's wish or your wish?
Are you talking about me coming to Tongling?
I just want to get the truth from you today.
If I have shortcomings or if there's anything I'm doing wrong,
please let me know.
I'll change everything that is possible to change.
If it's not possible, I'll still change, even in exchange for my life.
If you're not ready to get married right now,
I‘ll just stay by your side and help you do things here and there.
Besides that, I won't ask for more.
You said last night that you were kicked out of the house.
Tongling is my only hope.
Miss Jiang,
it's not that you can't,
it's that besides her, no one else can.
It's getting late. Head back to rest,
in case anyone starts spreading rumors.
Sir Tang stayed here to investigate the gold case. That's why he hid his identity.
How did Miss Jiang find out?
Does she also know about the gold case?
But if she knows...
why would she choose to get involved?
Is marrying someone more important than staying alive?
[Phoenix Village]
Who are you!
Why would you hit someone who's already blind?
I treat all perverts equally.
Who are you? Why did you capture me?
This is Phoenix Village.
Why do you think we captured you?
T-To become the wife of the Village Head?
From now on, you
can plunder people and eat delicacies with us.
You'll become the female leader of this mountain. Are you happy?
Why would I be happy?
Okay, okay, okay.
I just knew that one day my beauty would endanger my life!
Oh my god!
She has the guts to say she's pretty in front of me?
Little girl, do you have some misunderstandings about yourself?
But her personality is quite similar to me when I was younger.
Very confident!
You two are not sleeping in the middle of the night. Why are you here to see my wife instead?
- I...
- Let's go!
It's you!
Long time no see. My name's Duan Feng. I'm your husband.
♫ The overnight spring breeze, as I go out into the world,
hoping not to disappoint ♫
♫ To roam the world, just this ferry of longing, I can't let go ♫
♫ The ferry keeps floating, but the way back seems endless ♫
♫ The chilling waters brought a lonely boat that caught my eye ♫
♫ A fierce horse, where is it going in this mortal world? ♫
♫ Where can I leisurely see to the limit of the cloud and stars ♫
♫ On an ancient road, as the sun sets,
I asked the young bamboo ♫
♫ When will you reply? ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song ♫
♫ A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ A single flourishing blossom tree is hazier
after being hit by the rain ♫
♫ A lonely lit lamp reflects onto the paper window endlessly ♫
♫ Endlessly, it cannot end, this spring flower ♫
♫ Seeing the dried up vines and hearing the winters crows,
too busy to rest ♫
♫ A stream of west wind, welcomes Tusu (wine), in pursuit ♫
♫ In pursuit of the four seasons, the oceans, but I hesitate ♫
♫ When the brush stops, the wind stops, sleep stops ♫
♫ The long journey home ♫
♫ Only when you come here boundless ♫
♫ Can you drink till drunk ♫
♫ To also leave boundless ♫
♫ Freely pick a song. A good dream, a youth’s travels ♫
♫ The swaying shadows from the candle and
longings are still the same as that year’s ♫
♫ Who is lamenting under the moon? ♫
♫ Half of a wooden home door is open ♫
♫ I sober up in my hometown ♫
♫ Listen to the wind ♫
♫ Accompanied by pear blossoms, I drink until drunk ♫
♫ And another cup ♫